README.md, before:

# Makeup Style Transfer

## Overview

Makeup Style Transfer is a project that allows users to experiment with different makeup styles using a web application. Users can upload their makeup-free photos and virtually apply various makeup styles to see how they would look. The system uses AI-based filters for makeup transformation and suggests related beauty products based on the chosen makeup style.

## Features

- **User Interface:** Interactive and user-friendly web application for makeup style experimentation.
- **Face Processing:** Utilizes facial recognition and alignment to ensure accurate makeup application.
- **AI Model (BeautyGan):** Applies makeup styles to user photos for realistic previews.
- **Database Integration:** Stores user records, makeup styles, and product information in a PostgreSQL database.

## Project Structure

```plaintext
Makeup_Style_Transfer
|- model
   49_2700_G.pth
   400_139_G.pth
   checkpoint
   model.data-00000-of-00001
   model.index
   model.meta
   shape_predictor_5_face_landmarks.dat
   shape_predictor_68_face_landmarks.dat
|- fe
   |-.expo
   |-assets
   |-node_modules
   |-src
      |-components
         LoadProgress.tsx
      |-screens
         |-backup
         DashboardScreen.tsx
         ResultScreen.tsx
|- data
   |- images
      |-items
      |-styles
   util.py
   db_info.txt
model.py
app.py
requirements.txt
```

## Pipeline
<img src="pipeline.png" alt="Makeup Style Transfer PipeLine" width="800" height="600">

## System Architecture
<img src="architecture.png" alt="Makeup Style Transfer PipeLine" width="900" height="500">

## BeautyGAN Model Architecture
<img src="modelArchitecture.png" alt="Makeup Style Transfer PipeLine" width="900" height="500">

## Data Preprocessing Procedure
<img src="dataProcessing.png" alt="Makeup Style Transfer PipeLine" width="1000" height="500">

## Database Design Diagram
<img src="Database_Design_Diagram.png" alt="Database Design Diagram" width="800" height="600">

## UI-UX
<img src="product.png" alt="Database Design Diagram" width="450" height="416">

## Installation Guide

## Contributors 
- Nguyen Van Sy Thinh - SE173018
- Le Quoc Viet - SE173577
- Ta Quoc Trung - SE172391
- Truong Tuan Phi - SE161036
- Nguyen Khanh Duy - SE172694

Commit message:

Add installation guide and how to run the app

README.md, after:

# Makeup Style Transfer

## Overview

Makeup Style Transfer is a project that allows users to experiment with different makeup styles using a web application. Users can upload their makeup-free photos and virtually apply various makeup styles to see how they would look. The system uses AI-based filters for makeup transformation and suggests related beauty products based on the chosen makeup style.

## Features

- **User Interface:** Interactive and user-friendly web application for makeup style experimentation.
- **Face Processing:** Utilizes facial recognition and alignment to ensure accurate makeup application.
- **AI Model (BeautyGan):** Applies makeup styles to user photos for realistic previews.
- **Database Integration:** Stores user records, makeup styles, and product information in a PostgreSQL database.

## Project Structure

```plaintext
Makeup_Style_Transfer
|- model
   49_2700_G.pth
   400_139_G.pth
   checkpoint
   model.data-00000-of-00001
   model.index
   model.meta
   shape_predictor_5_face_landmarks.dat
   shape_predictor_68_face_landmarks.dat
|- fe
   |-.expo
   |-assets
   |-node_modules
   |-src
      |-components
         LoadProgress.tsx
      |-screens
         |-backup
         DashboardScreen.tsx
         ResultScreen.tsx
|- data
   |- images
      |-items
      |-styles
   util.py
   db_info.txt
model.py
app.py
requirements.txt
```

## Pipeline
<img src="pipeline.png" alt="Makeup Style Transfer PipeLine" width="800" height="600">

## System Architecture
<img src="architecture.png" alt="Makeup Style Transfer PipeLine" width="900" height="500">

## BeautyGAN Model Architecture
<img src="modelArchitecture.png" alt="Makeup Style Transfer PipeLine" width="900" height="500">

## Data Preprocessing Procedure
<img src="dataProcessing.png" alt="Makeup Style Transfer PipeLine" width="1000" height="500">

## Database Design Diagram
<img src="Database_Design_Diagram.png" alt="Database Design Diagram" width="800" height="600">

## UI-UX
<img src="product.png" alt="Database Design Diagram" width="450" height="416">

## Installation Guide
Please open the installation.txt for detail

## How to run the app?
we assume that you already satisfied the requirement in Installation Guide

1. Open terminal in the root directory, type "python app.py" (remember to choose the right environment)

2. After that, go to the "fe" folder, open the terminal and type "npx expo start", this will then show you a QR code for connecting with your phone

3. Download Expo app on smartphone, connect the phone to the same wifi as 
the device that is running the terminals, then scan QR on the screen of that devices to open the app.

## Contributors 
- Nguyen Van Sy Thinh - SE173018
- Le Quoc Viet - SE173577
- Ta Quoc Trung - SE172391
- Truong Tuan Phi - SE161036
- Nguyen Khanh Duy - SE172694
